Remove an unused type BlobDoesNotExist (#1408)
pyrsia/pyrsia: docs/tutorials/docker.md

This will send the build request to one of the authorized build nodes, which will
start a build. When consensus about that build is reached, it will be available
in the transparency logs and can be retrieved by all nodes in the network.

# Use API

> Pyrsia supports Docker Registry API. The entire API documents will be coming soon.

Author: > The entire API documents will be coming soon.

Is it correct?

Reviewer: the intention is that we document this API yes. although the registry API is of course already documented: https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/api/

However, Pyrsia only supports a subset of the registry API

```suggestion
Pyrsia supports a subset of the [Docker Registry API](https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/api/). A more detailed API document specific to Pyrsia, will be coming soon.
```

Author: Thank you. That is what I wanted to know 🙏
